1. Why did you choose the tools, libraries, and language you used for the coding exercise?

I chose Python because it is a language that I know relatively well compared to other languages
like Javascript, C, C++. Python also provides a lot of convienient packages that I can use such as
the csv package that I used in this exercise to easily read the csv file. This combined with the fact that python has a really
easy to use interface when it comes setting up a system to use Python when compared to Java, which is
the language I am most familiar with.

2. What are the advantages and disadvantages of your solution?

I'd say my solution has the advantage of being relatively quick due to the fact that I am reading
in the csv file without doing any other actions while the file is open. I'd also say my 
code is easy to read because it is divided up into functions that each serve to do one and only one
purpose. I'd say one disadvantage of my code is that my main function is redundant. I could have easily
just placed the code in the main function inside of the if statement. I'd also say that I wasn't able
to come up with a key to sort the list of arrays by time and by negative points. This means that i
had to split the original array into two arrays and sorting both of them before recombining them
again.

3. What has been a favorite school/personal project thus far? What about it that challenged you?

My favorite project thus far has been the food donation project I did in last year's hackathon.
Here, we as a group of four people combined our skillsets to come up with a way in which technology
could help achieve one of the United Nations many goals for the world. After much deliberation,
we came up with this idea to have grocery stores donate unsold food and for resturants to donate
left over and unused food as well to pantries. We did this by building a website in React and
connecting it with a Firebase Database. The most challenging part for me was the multitasking of
having to code and having to be organize the group. It was just really difficult to have to manage
my own tasks in terms of coding while also trying to think about what my group members should be
doing and giving them reasonable objectives to achieve in a timely manner. Along with that, I had
the task of helping some of group members get up to speed in coding in React.